Devblog: ver 0.0.1 
Let’s get this project of the ground
Multiple definition written. Simple while loop that keeps the conversation going. 
Bot can now open google chrome and fire fox if installed in standard directory. 
Bot can also print a list of all .exe installed in C:\Program Files\\. 
Some simple if statements are used to give bot to possibility to respond to hi. 
An else statement will make clear that the question / command is not recognized by Simpie. 
Simpie is still in an early phase, and is not more intelligent than his friend SimpleBot. 
Simpie is written in Python instead of the Batch used to write Simplebot

Devblog: ver 0.1.0
Simpie has now been compiled to an alpha state executable. 
Simpie can now be downloaded and executed on almost every windows computer. 
In following updated MacOS support will follow, and after that Linux support.
A funny little icon was also added to the repository. This will be the icon of Simpie for now. 
The original png was also included in this update.

Devblog: ver 0.1.1
Getting simpie crosplatform compiled
I had some issues with pyinstaller. 
Pyinstaller worked fine for my windows version of Simpie. 
But whilst trying to get it to work for Mac (get Simpie on the MacOS platform) 
I ran into some issues. At first terminal gave me a hard time with 
the pip installer. After finding a solution to that, pip installed 
my pyinstaller to python 2.7. This should not give any issues. 
Yet it did, the command pyinstaller was not recognised yet 
pyinstaller was defenetly installed in python 2.7. So after finding out about pip3. 
I simply installed pyinstaller with pip3. 
Now the pyinstaller works fine in terminal. 
Seems like python 2.7 does not have this function and python 3 does. 
No success in getting Simpie compiled outside of windows.

Getting simpie to start applications in the Operating System
    - Simpie can now open chrome if it is installd on both mac and windows.
    - Simpie can now also run almost all applications on mac and windows. This only if they are inside
        the applications folder for mac and the Program Files (x86) folder on windows. You are require
	to type the name of the application right because the searchfunction is casesensitive. For apple this 
	is easy because all .app files in /Applications are written with a upper case letter. In windows it is
	dependant on the application itself.
    - Simpie can now also check if an application is installed on mac and on windows.
    - The get user command will give the name of the user on both mac and windows
    - The help command will give a better view of what commands you can use.
    - You can now force simpie to print something in the terminal.
    - Simpie can give a list of all the applications installed on the device
        with 'both' simpie will print a dictionary with the folder of the 
        application and the name of the applicaiton.
        With 'names' simpie will just print the names of the installed applications.
    - The folder SimpieBot 0.1.1 Win was created with the standalone executable and a folder executable.

Devblog: ver 0.1.2
Very small patch. I fixed some minor crashes. New version of the application is ofcourse availeble. I dropped support
for the one file .exe becauses its performance is just not good enough. An installer has now been made for windows.
The program used for creating this installer is called advanced installer 17.1.1. It has a nice simple wizard design and
will enable end users to easily install simpie bot.

Devblog: ver 0.1.3
Windows users can now install new versions of the application from within simpie. This is done by going to settings
and than typing the command: update simpie.
Windows users will also not be forced to give up a name because simpie will gues it. Mac os still has the old name request. 
But darwin does not have an installer yet so that is not an issue / concern.
Update simpie will download the latest version of the bot to the download folder. (it does not matter if the client changed
the directory of the dowmload folder because simpie will find it anyway) After the latest update is downloaded simpie will 
start the .msi and close down.
Downgraded the installer to a simple .msi. This will stop windows from thinking that simpie is a virus. I did have to give
up the design for that. But this also got rid of the dumb pop up that it was a trial version. 
Boring look but more proffesional.
Also created a update simpie command and a version command that gives the current version. 
The lookup command will lookup anything you give to is. 
I now have a line of code for every day of the year in the SimpieSourceCode.py

Devblog: ver 0.1.4
Added the update_check( ), This definition will check the download version for new versions. 
And if there are the update will be advised to be installed to the client.
Simpie will no check for internet connection on the start of the bot, 
If there is no connection made, the user gets the option to skip update check. 
The command version in settings will now also compare the current version to the latest version available online.
Simpie now also got a little smarter. 
Simpie will gues the command you typed an ask if you meant something else that you typed if you typed a typo.
This gues block is not fully watertight and simpie will sometimes just start rambeling, this is why I added a stop
function so that the guessing can be stopped. 
I put some work in the helplist so that the commands are explained a little better.
And put a lot of work in the new command devblog. This command will give you the option to print out
the devblog in your terminal. You can request the entire devblog or a specific version or just the current version.
The updating process is now more compact and organised. 
Simpie code is compatible with MacOs but I can't seem to figure out how to compile simpie to a .app.
I hope to get simpie working on the macOs platform soon.
Oh yea I almoste dubbled the length of simpies source code too 596 lines :)
And finally after writing the code for this huge update I can start learning for my exames. 
Thank you for using my sofware. I hope you are enjoying Simpie.

Devblog: ver 0.1.5
Very small update for some annoying bugs and cleaned up some code / design. 
Also added one new life improving command (clear) and the trello / read blog command and the discord command.
Major optimization to the devblog command, the script for this command was a total mess
so I really had to shorten it. By doing that I also fixed some weird bugs that came up.
This command should now work 90% of the time, I just have to fix the back command that can
be used on the devblog/other command to correct typos. (als works most of the time.)
I added a new command that is accessible from the main command input. It is also listed in the
command list (help). This command is called clear and will clean up all the text from older input.
This so that you can clean up your terminal window.
Fixed some minor bugs like the system info command that remembered the last list and appended the new
information. And the help list will now be printed on seperate lines by simpie when asked.
The trello / read blog command will take you to the trello board page where you can read more about upcomming features
and bug fixes. The discord server is now open for any people that want to report bugs. At this point there is not yet
a seperate channel for the simpie community but expect that one to appear in the future, here you will be able to report
on bugs and ask for new features to be added. Please keep it civilized :))

Devblog: ver 0.1.6
Linux compatibility is here!
Tested on the Pop!_os LTS 20.4 linux distribution. So I expect that ubuntu should work too.

Commands that work on the linux distribution of SimpieBot.

The linux edition of Simpie will also gues the name of the current user, and it will also gues the command if typed incorrectly.

To open the current version of SimpieBot. 
You have to open your terminal in the directory with the SimpieBot file (the one with the icon) and enter,
./SimpieBot
SimpieBot will launch in the same terminal window.

I used pyinstaller to compile SimpieBot for linux. I wasn't able to make the file executable but it will work if you
launch the bot from terminal, which is really not that hard to do. I suppose I havn't figuered out how to decently compile
python programs. I found it really easy to do for windows (mostly because I really like .bat files). I haven't been able to 
compile Simpie for mac but it runs really well on mac, but there is no defined executable for MacOS out yet. The SimpieSourceCode
will run in any python interpreter that you put it into.
Most of the commands that where already available in simpie 0.1.5 work just fine in the linux version. There are some commands
that need some work. In the list below you will find what commands work and which ones don't. Chances are pretty high that the 
bot will crash if you try any commands that are not supported on your OS.

In the main tree of commands:
lookup, print, print next, system info, get user, read board and discord.

The commands in the main tree that are not yet available on linux.
clear, start, shop apps, check install, devblog, 

In the settings tree of commands:
back, check update, version, stop / quit

The commands in the settings tree that are not yet available on linux.
read blog, update simpie,

Thank you for using SimpieBot :)